at Basecamp another expedition manner is
arriving all the way from the University
of Oxford dr. George mechanic one of the
world's great specialists in insects
something taxi insights on the way out
all the insects came into where we were
sitting and there was this huge spider
just chomping chomping after the evening
meal George starts a hunt from a small
but deadly predator the scorpion I will
take a few pots and we need a rather
special torch and we rather special pair
of glasses as well how this works is
it's an ultraviolet torch and it makes
things for the rest and if I shine it
under here you'll see loads of things
shining tags and labels of stuff which
are reacting and fluorescing in the
ultraviolet light and that's exactly
what scorpions do oh look it's when you
see them is just it's stands out to you
it just jumps out there's a first film
within within 10 feet of the camp Oh
the cams toilet is also occupied well
there is fire a piece of toilet paper or
it's a very large scorpion if I can
actually see its claw from here Oh
where'd he go hey hey easy boy no that
one's gonna hurt it's got quite thin
claws as a general rule if a scorpion
has got thin claws on a fat tail that's
bad news because it uses its venom
rather than its physical strength but
you can see how it's quite aggressive I
mean it's really up in the threat
display there with the claws open and
that this this thing held high there
there yeah it had a got my blade there
that's what we share the toilets with
here this is actually the most fun I've
had on the toilet I think for a long
time